Program to check palindrome numbers.-Done
Program to reverse integer in JAVA. - Done
Program to finding missing numbers in array.- Done
Program to find duplicate numbers in JAVA array.
Program to find the largest & smallest numbers in an array.
Program to swap two two integers without using third variable and two swap strings without using third variable.
Program to find prime numbers.
Program to find Armstrong number.
Program to find factorial of a number.
Program to find duplicate words in a given strings.
Program to print count of vowels in string in java.
Program sorting an array in ascending order by removing duplicates.
Program to check palindrome string.
Program to count digits in a number.
Program to count even odd digit in a number.
Program to count sum of digits in a number.
Program to find largest of 3 numbers.
Program to generate random numbers & strings in java.
Program to find sum of elements in array.
Program to print number of words, character frequency in string.
Program to print characters in descending order of frequency.
Program to find majority elements in an array.
Program to sort names in an array.
Program to find intersection of elements into arrays in java.
Program to check panagram.
Program to find longest substring without repetition.
Program for string compression.
Program to get the first letter of each word string.
Program to print all sub strings for a given strings.
Program for Stack implementation using two array in java.
Program for Stack implementation using array in java.
Program for Binary search in java.
Program to move all zero to end of array.
Program to move all negative number in start of array & +ve number in end of an array.
Program to count number of vowels in a given string.
Program to count the number of words in a given string.
Program to reverse each word in a given string.
Program to find numbers of words characters and number in a given text file.
Program to print pyramid pattern of numbers?
Program to reverse a string without using loops and build-in functions.
Program to generate Fibonacci series.
Program to Print even and odd number in an array.
Program to check the quality of two arrays.
Program for how to reverse the order of elements in arraylist in java?
Program for searching an element in array using a linear search.
Program for searching an element in array using a Binary search.
Program for Sorting an array using bubble sort.
Program to sort elements in an array using build-in methods.
Program to remove junk or special characters in string.
Program to remove white spaces in string.
Program to read data from text file.
Program to write data in text file.
Program to perform calculator operation.
Program to find the second minimum and maximum number in an array.